Fix all broken link flaws in JS (#19536)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/errors/deprecated_source_map_pragma/index.md

JavaScript sources are often combined and minified to make delivering them from the server more efficient. With [source maps](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/), the debugger can map the code being executed to the original source files.

> The source map specification changed the syntax due to a conflict with IE whenever it was found in the page after `//@cc_on` was interpreted to turn on conditional compilation in the IE JScript engine. The [conditional compilation comment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conditional_comment) in IE is a little known feature, but it broke source maps with [jQuery](https://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13274) and other libraries.

Author: ```suggestion
The source map specification changed the syntax due to a conflict with IE whenever it was found in the page after `//@cc_on` was interpreted to turn on conditional compilation in the IE JScript engine. The [conditional compilation comment](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24473882/what-does-this-comment-cc-on-0-do-inside-an-if-statement-in-javascript) in IE is a little known feature, but it broke source maps with [jQuery](https://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13274) and other libraries.
```
